Update CONTRIBUTING.md to reflect "Squash and merge" option (#5117)
pytorch/executorch: CONTRIBUTING.md

   - If the reviewers have requests or questions, follow up with them.
   - The goal of the reviewer is to ensure that the code in the `main` branch of
     the repo is consistent, maintainable, and of high quality.
1. Once the PR has been approved,

>    - If you have the "write permission" in this repo, and see the "Squash and
>      merge" button is green and all CI signals are passing, you can merge it
>      yourself by pushing the "Squash and merge" button, and then type the final
>      commit message in the text box.

Reviewer: This is a little tough to follow. Possible rephrasing:

```suggestion
   - If you have the "write permission" in this repo, you can merge it yourself
     by clicking the "Squash and merge" button once it is green and all CI
     signals are passing.
```
